README.md, before:

# Project Rocket League

## Welcome to Rocket League!

In this project, the development of the Rocket League video game in its 2D version was carried out. <br/>

[Directives](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ydDQTjWoBjPnxWz0Sg475QeaCKU-irbYuRWb0VkcJ2o/edit?usp=sharing).

Developers:
* [Sprenger, Roberta](https://github.com/robyspr)
* [Cuppari, Franco](https://github.com/francupp9-12)
* [Waisten, Lucas](https://github.com/LucasWaisten)

## Supported Platforms and Tools
### C++ Support

| Dimension   | Supported Version | 
|-------------|-------------------|
| Ubuntu      | >= 18.04          |
| C++ Version | >= 17             | 
| CMake       | >= 3.16           | 
| GCC         | >= 7.3.1          | 
| Catch2      | >= 1.11.0         |
| Box2D       | >= 2.4.0          |
| libSDLpp    | >= 0.17.0         |

## Getting Started

See the [RocketLeague User's Guide](https://github.com/RocketLeague-Taller-de-Programacion-I/TP_RocketLeague/blob/main/UserGuide.md) for
documentation.

## Features

*   ClientProtocol and ServerProtocol unit test % 100
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
*

Commit message:

Add manual game and code documentation

README.md, after:

# Project Rocket League

## Welcome to Rocket League!

In this project, the development of the Rocket League video game in its 2D version was carried out. <br/>

[Directives](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ydDQTjWoBjPnxWz0Sg475QeaCKU-irbYuRWb0VkcJ2o/edit?usp=sharing).

Developers:
* [Sprenger, Roberta](https://github.com/robyspr)
* [Cuppari, Franco](https://github.com/francupp9-12)
* [Waisten, Lucas](https://github.com/LucasWaisten)

## Supported Platforms and Tools
### C++ Support

| Dimension   | Supported Version | 
|-------------|-------------------|
| Ubuntu      | >= 18.04          |
| C++ Version | >= 17             | 
| CMake       | >= 3.16           | 
| GCC         | >= 7.3.1          | 
| Catch2      | >= 1.11.0         |
| Box2D       | >= 2.4.0          |
| libSDLpp    | >= 0.17.0         |

## Getting Started

See the [RocketLeague User's Guide](UserGuide.md) for
documentation.

How play see in [Manual Game](Manual.md)
## For Development
The proyect nose que [RocketLeague Code Documentation](CodeDocumentation.md)
## Features

*   ClientProtocol and ServerProtocol unit test % 100
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
*
